Update transfer table to include resource locks transfer incompatibility (#125533)
Azure/azure-content: articles/role-based-access-control/transfer-subscription.md

| Azure Synapse Analytics Workspace | Yes | Yes |  | You must update the tenant ID associated with the Synapse Analytics Workspace. If the workspace is associated with a Git repository, you must update the [workspace's Git configuration](../synapse-analytics/cicd/source-control.md#switch-to-a-different-git-repository). For more information, see [Recovering Synapse Analytics workspace after transferring a subscription to a different Microsoft Entra directory (tenant)](../synapse-analytics/how-to-recover-workspace-after-tenant-move.md). |
| Azure Databricks | Yes | No |  | Currently, Azure Databricks does not support moving workspaces to a new tenant. For more information, see [Manage your Azure Databricks account](/azure/databricks/administration-guide/account-settings/#move-workspace-between-tenants-unsupported). |
| Azure Compute Gallery | Yes | Yes |  | Replicate the image versions in the gallery to other regions or [copy an image from another gallery](/azure/virtual-machines/image-version). |

> | Azure Resource Locks | Yes | Yes | [List resource locks](/https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/resource/lock?view=azure-cli-latest#az-resource-lock-list) | Export Azure Resource Locks manually via the Portal or [export via az cli](/https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/resource/lock?view=azure-cli-latest). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Azure resource locks | Yes | Yes | [List resource locks](/cli/azure/resource/lock#az-resource-lock-list) | Export Azure resource locks manually using the Azure portal or [Azure CLI](/cli/azure/resource/lock). |
```
